Add missing default transaction id (#348)
Polidea/FlutterBleLib: README.md

bleManager.cancelTransaction("discovery");
```

Each new operation with the same _transactionId_ will cause the previous one to be cancelled with error, if it hasn't finished yet.
If _transactionId_ is set to null or it isn't specified at all, the library sets unique integer _transactionId_ to such operation.

**NOTE:

> Do not to set _transactionId_ as integers since they are reserved by the library.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not to set integers as _transactionId_ as they are used by the library.**
```
